#Week 1
We choose 'Letsencrypt' as our research project. The Let's Encrypt Client is a fully-featured, extensible client for the Let's Encrypt CA that can automate the tasks of obtaining certificates and configuring webservers to use them. For its practicability, the project is quite hot recently which attracts lots of programmers to contribute to. And this also inspires us to research the project or even improve it.


The task for the first week is planned as follow:


- Attending lectures
- Picking the project *letsencrypt*: letsencrypt is a newly developed, highly active and interesting project, which makes it a good choice.
- Getting to know the project in more depth: browsing the readme file, documentation and website to get familiar with the project.
- Learning GitHub: Since not all team members are familiar with the GitHub, we will follow the tutorial online and master it as soon as possible.
- Learning encryption technique: Our project is about encryption. Getting the main idea about it and learning its common structure will benifit.

#Week 2-D1

###Group Meeting 16-02-2016(1.5h)
- Disscuss the content of Assignment 1
- Divided the tasks
- Discuss the book Chapter 9, 10, 16

###Group Meeting 18-02-2016(3h)
- Discuss the Stakeholders
- Figure out specific role of stakeholders in the project
- Analyze the 10 rencent pull request

###Group Meeting 20-02-2016(7.5h)
- Analyze the 10 rencent issues
- Identify the integrators
- Find out people to contact
- Disscuss the Context view
- Finish the draft of D1

#Week 3-D2

###Group Meeting 24-02-2016(2.5h)
- Discuss the content of Assignment 2
- Discuss the book Chapter 20
- Read let's encrypt documentation, ACME protocal

###Group Meeting 26-02-2016(2h)
- Discuss the feedback of D1 report
- Analyze the structure of the source code
- Analyze the module dependency by using PyCharm

###Group Meeting 27-02-2016(8.5h)
- Analyze the module structure model
- Draw the source code structure 
- Analyze technical debt
- Disscuss the Common design model
- Finish the draft of D2

###Group Meeting 28-02-2016(3h)
- Fix a number of typos and language faults
- Discuss the potential contributions to the project and make a plan
- Sum up the work of week 3 and write conclusion
- Merge related branches 

#Week 4-D3

###Group Meeting 01-03-2016(3.0h)
- Discuss the content of Assignment 3
- Fix the Context View according to the feedback 
- Prepare for the pitch

###Group Meeting 05-03-2016(10h)
- Depoly the virtual server bought from Vultr
- Dicuss the feature variability
- Complete feature model using featureIDE
- Propose a pull request

###Group Meeting 06-03-2016(5h)
- Discuss the binding time of the features
- Identify implement strategy of variability and configurability
- Analyze the evolution history of variability and configurability

#Week 5-D4

###Group Meeting 08-03-2016(4h)
- Give a pitch about our project
- Discuss other teams' presentation and give some suggestions
- Discuss about our future work and plan

###Group Meeting 10-03-2016(4h)
- Discuss the improvement of D1 and D2
- Fix Context View in D1  
- Solve several problems about 'technical debt' in D2

###Group Meeting 12-03-2016(9h)
- Discuss Evolution Perspectives 
- Discuss Deployment View
- Integrate previous materials and write the outline

###Group Meeting 13-03-2016(3h)
- Fix Reference format according to new requirement
- Pull Request to add links for ACME 
- Update contributions

#Week 6-D5

###Group Meeting 17-03-2016(3h)
- Discuss the form and content of review task
- Discuss the problems in outline

###Group Meeting 19-03-2016(3h)
- Discuss the problems in Stakeholder and Context View part
- Remake Context View diagram
- Fix some spelling and syntax errors
- Remove some redundant content

#Week 7-D6

###Group Meeting 24-03-2016(3h)
- Discuss the problems in Development View
- Explain more details in Module Structure Model
- Remove few parts that are not closely related to the project such as Codeline Model

###Group Meeting 26-03-2016(6h)
- Discuss the problem in Deployment View and Variable features
- Fix the problem given by teaching assistant
- Add an "Introduction" section for better readability


#Week 8- All chapters

###Group Meeting 30-03-2016(4h)
- Update the format according to the DESOSA markdown style guide
- Change the structure of the Chapter
- Final check for the whole chapter
